Mom, you're finally back.
Sorry, honey.
Mom had an emergency last night
Didn't come back to accompany you
Mom, as long as you bring me one back
Dad, I will forgive you.
Okay.
Let's not talk about this anymore, okay? Why?
Is it that your progress is not going well?
Mom feels that you have been disappointed again and again
I'm so sorry.
You wait for me to resign, let's go play
Come back happy
Will it be just the two of us from now on?
Mom, are you broken up?
Mom feels sorry for you
Jiayi is back
I miss you so much.
What's the matter? Did Yan Ting bully you?
Well, since he returned home
You've been ignoring me
Don't worry.
I came back this time just for your marriage
You and Yan Ting can't get married for a long time
I'm too embarrassed to meet your parents
Yes, I am.
I will definitely let Yan Ting treat you well.
Thank you auntie
Ah!
Is that fluffy?
Why is he in the company?